formatting decision: erlfmt-ignore (#102)
WhatsApp/erlfmt: doc/FormattingDecisionIgnore.md

gen_part({constructed,bif},TypeName,{_Name,parts,Tag,_Type}) ->
    emit(["  case Data of",nl,
          "    L when is_list(L) ->",nl,
          "      'dec_",TypeName,"'(lists:map(fun(X) -> element(1, ",
          {call,ber,ber_decode_erlang,["X"]},") end, L),",{asis,Tag},");",nl,
          "    _ ->",nl,
          "      [Res] = 'dec_",TypeName,"'([Data],",{asis,Tag},"),",nl,
          "      Res",nl,
          "  end"]).
```

This is what the DSLish list looks like if formatted by `erlfmt`:

```erlang formatted gen_part
gen_part({constructed, bif}, TypeName, {_Name, parts, Tag, _Type}) ->
    emit([
        "  case Data of",
        nl,
        "    L when is_list(L) ->",
        nl,
        "      'dec_",
        TypeName,
        "'(lists:map(fun(X) -> element(1, ",
        {call, ber, ber_decode_erlang, ["X"]},
        ") end, L),",
        {asis, Tag},
        ");",
        nl,
        "    _ ->",
        nl,
        "      [Res] = 'dec_",
        TypeName,
        "'([Data],",
        {asis, Tag},
        "),",
        nl,
        "      Res",
        nl,
        "  end"
    ]).
```

The problem is that this DSLish list, is now less readable than it was before.

> Technically there is a work around, so that you don't need the `@noformat` comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technically there is a work around, so that you don't need the `erlfmt-ignore` comment.
```
